The makefile builds two versions of the random tester, one called
`testdominion` (using my Dominion implementation, located in dominion.c and
card.c) and one called `testdominion_alt` (using a classmate's implementation,
located in dominion_alt.c). The random tester attempts to keep the game
progressing in a sane but random direction (i.e. it doesn't just buy all
Coppers). Before and after every turn it prints the contents of the current
player's deck, discard, and hand, and it also prints every card the player
plays and buys. If playing a card requires making decisions between different
options, those decisions are printed as well. If the game takes more than a
certain amount of time, 80 ms as of this writing, it prints an error and
terminates itself so I don't have to kill it manually or wait for it to run out
of memory.

The makefile target `testdominion.out` generates a file with that name
containing the results of differential testing. For each seed from 1 to
1000000, the seed is logged, and then the output of testdominion is compared to
that of testdominion_alt; if they differ, the lines up to the first difference
are logged to testdominion.out, followed by the next ten lines of each. This is
verbose but it makes it easier to see what's going on, because sometimes one
fault is caused by another earlier fault that didn't cause a failure in either
version of testdominion.

The results are mixed. Random testing by itself helped me discover several
bugs, but localizing and discovering the causes of the bugs using
testdominion.out was tedious and annoying. The easiest (but not easy) bugs to
find were the ones that caused the tester to time out or crash, but all of them
were present in both my implementation and my classmate's until I fixed them.
Most of the differing test cases repeatedly exhibit the same small set of bugs.

Running random tests with seeds 1 through 32000 gave me 90% coverage of my
Dominion implementation (dominion.c and card.c) and 89% coverage of my
classmate's (dominion_alt.c). This isn't terrible but could probably be
improved. More randomization would help (there are many test cases my "random"
tester is incapable of generating).

Here are some significant bugs random testing helped me discover:
    - In both implementations, the comparison that checks whether a card can be
        Remodeled to a particular card used the wrong comparison operator.
    - In both implementations, several cards didn't discard themselves when
        played, causing my tester to play the same card forever.
    - In both implementations, there were several syntactic mistakes and a
        botched loop in the Tribute card.
